docs: updates to billing and usage guides (#13222)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/cloud/app/billing/page.mdx

![Invoices section in the Invoices settings](https://res.cloudinary.com/dza7lstvk/image/upload/v1750242280/Cloud/CleanShot_2025-06-18_at_13.20.39_2x_gar9lb.png)

### Download Invoice

To download an invoice for a specific payment, click the <InlineIcon Icon={ArrowDownTray} alt="download" /> icon in the same row as the payment you want to download.

This will open the invoice in a new tab, where you can view and download it as a PDF.

![Download invoice icon in the Invoices settings](https://res.cloudinary.com/dza7lstvk/image/upload/v1750242445/Cloud/CleanShot_2025-06-18_at_13.27.05_2x_qqibor.png)

---

## Purchase Add-On Resources

Your organization can purchase additional resources beyond its plan's limits as add-ons. For example, you can purchase additional user seats or environments.

You can purchase an add-on resource as you're creating that resource. For example, if you're creating a new project and you've already reached your plan's limit for projects, you'll see a note indicating that this project will be billed as an add-on.

Add-ons are billed monthly in advance, and they are pro-rated based on the number of days remaining in the month when you purchase them.

> For example, if you purchase a $10 Preview Environment halfway through the month, you'll be charged $5 for that environment in the next invoice.

Reviewer: nit: we could add:
```suggestion
For example, if you purchase a $10 Preview Environment halfway through the month, you'll be charged $5 (pro-rated) for usage in the previous billing cycle and $10 upfront for usage in the next.
```

import { InlineIcon } from "docs-ui"
import { ArrowDownTray } from "@medusajs/icons"

export const metadata = {
  title: `Billing`,
}

# {metadata.title}

In this guide, you'll learn how billing works in Cloud, and how to view and download invoices.

## How Billing Works

> Medusa bills your organization monthly in advance. If your organization goes over its plan's usage limits within the current billing period, charges for your [flex usage](../usage/page.mdx#what-is-flex-usage) will be added to your next invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Medusa bills your organization monthly. 

Your monthly invoice contains:
- An upfront charge for the plans you are currently on
- An upfront charge for the add-ons you have
- Pro-rated charges for the add-ons you added in the previous billing cycle
- Charges for your Flex Usage in the previous billing cycle

If your organization goes over its plan's usage limits within the current billing period, charges for your [flex usage](../usage/page.mdx#what-is-flex-usage) will be added to your next invoice.
```

Reviewer: ^ we need to link to flex usage in the billet

3. Choose "Organization Settings" from the dropdown.
4. Change to the "Invoices" settings from the sidebar.

This will show a table of your upcoming payment, including your plan's amount and flex charges.

You can also see a table with all the payments made for your organization, including the date, status, and amount of each payment.

![Invoices section in the Invoices settings](https://res.cloudinary.com/dza7lstvk/image/upload/v1750242280/Cloud/CleanShot_2025-06-18_at_13.20.39_2x_gar9lb.png)

### Download Invoice

To download an invoice for a specific payment, click the <InlineIcon Icon={ArrowDownTray} alt="download" /> icon in the same row as the payment you want to download.

This will open the invoice in a new tab, where you can view and download it as a PDF.

![Download invoice icon in the Invoices settings](https://res.cloudinary.com/dza7lstvk/image/upload/v1750242445/Cloud/CleanShot_2025-06-18_at_13.27.05_2x_qqibor.png)

---

## Purchase Add-On Resources

Your organization can purchase additional resources beyond its plan's limits as add-ons. For example, you can purchase additional user seats or environments.

> To purchase add-ons, contact support for assistance.

Reviewer: nit: we have released add-ons to all customers, so they can purchase add-ons directly from the dashboard
